Add type to loop variables only (#947)
scipopt/PySCIPOpt: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased
### Added

> - Added cdef to loop variables for slight speedup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added cdef type declaration of loop variables for slight speedup
```
